Let's quickly review what we covered
in this section of the course.
We started by discussing the importance
of logs and cybersecurity,
and we explored different log types,
like firewall, network, and server logs.
Next, we explored SIEM dashboards and
how they use visual representations to
provide security teams with quick and
clear insights into the security
posture of an organization.
Finally, we introduced common SIEM
tools used in the cybersecurity
industry, including Splunk and Chronicle.
We'll be exploring even more security
tools later in the program, and
you'll have opportunities
to practice using them.
Coming up, we'll discuss playbooks and
how they help security professionals
respond appropriately to identify threats,
risks, and vulnerabilities.
Meet you there.